[MKC-1331] MicroPython 101 Tweaks (#1513)
arduino/docs-content: content/micropython-course/course/01.installation/installation-tools.md

description: 'Learn how to install a code editor needed to program your board with MicroPython.'
---

> ## Software Required
> 
> In this chapter we will go over how to install the prerequisite software: the **code editor** and the **MicroPython firmware installer**, that will enable you to dive into the learning activities of this course.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

In this chapter we will go over how to install the prerequisite software: the **MicroPython firmware installer** and the **Arduino Labs for MicroPython (Code Editor)**. The installer will install a MicroPython firmware on your board, and the code editor will allow you to program the board with MicroPython.

## Software Required
```

Looks great @jacobhylen , I am suggesting placing the paragraph _before_ the `## Software Requirements`.

The software you will have installed are:

> - Arduino Lab for MicroPython

Reviewer: I would not remove the links here. I know they are listed further down, but I don't think it hurts having them here as well (some people might just want a quick access to the download link).

Maybe we can instead create a section like this at the top:
```md
## Software Requirements
In this chapter, we will be using the following software:
- [Installer]()
- [Editor]()
```

Author: The idea came after Giulio Tamberi went through the course and got confused and jumbled by exactly this, so it can definitely hurt the experience.
The crux is that seeing the link will tempt even the people who don't just want a quick link to leave the microPython 101 page for something else, and fall out of the courses linear path there. 

I do see your point about someone who might just want to find quick access to links though. 

I think we can find a middle ground. :)
